<p><b><span style="font-size: medium;">Vending Machines</span></b></p><p><b>Introduction</b></p><p>It’s the year 2021, and you have graduated from EWU. Your first real job is with Coca-Cola, who is trying to spearhead the vending machine market by developing specialized vending machines for university campuses. The first models will be placed in the CSE and EEE department of the varsity, and are catered specifically to Tech students. Since you have experience with the student body, you have been tasked with writing the software. However, Coke wants to make sure that their product will be an overwhelming success. For that reason, you will first write a simulator for the machine to test the functionality.</p><p><b>Problem Description</b></p><p>You will be writing classes that represent various parts of a vending machine. You will need to write two files: VendingMachine.java and VendingItem.java. A simple driver class VendingWorld.java has been provided, and it will allow you to interact with your simulation. Specific instructions for each file are given in later sections.</p><p><b>Solution Description</b></p><p><span style="color: #04ff00;">VendingItem.java</span></p><p>Your VendingItem class should have the following fields, methods, and constructors:</p><p>• <span style="color: #e06666;">private String name</span>. This field is the name of an item, and should be set in the constructor.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ffa400;">private double price. </span>This field is the price of an item, and should be set in the constructor.</p><p>•<span style="color: #f9cb9c;"> private String type. </span>This field is the type of an item, and should be set in the constructor.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">VendingItem(String name, String type, double price).</span> This is the constructor for the class, and it takes the name and price as its parameter.</p><p><span style="color: #ea9999;">• public double getPrice().</span> This method is just a simple getter method for the price. Price has no setter because it does not make sense for an object’s price to change at runtime.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">public String toString().</span> This method returns a String representation of a VendingItem for use in your simulation. The String should look like: “(name): $xx.xx$” where (name) is the name of the VendingItem and xx.xx is its price.</p><p><b><span style="color: #04ff00;">VendingMachine.java</span></b></p><p>This class represents the vending machine itself and is the bulk of the assignment. It has the following fields, methods, and constructors although you can add extra variables if you want.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">private static double totalSales.</span> Your boss wants a way to measure the success of this venture, so this field will keep track of the total sales across vending machines(CSE Department + EEE Department). It should be initialized to 0 and properly updated every time a sale that makes money is made. More on this later.</p><p>• <span style="color: #f4cccc;">private int totalItems</span>. Your boss wants a way to measure the number of items in a vending machine, so this field will keep track of the number of items in a vending machine. It should be initialized to 10 and properly updated every time a sale that makes money is made.</p><p>•<span style="color: #ea9999;"> private VendingItem[] shelf. </span>This 1D array of VendingItems represents how the items are arranged in the vending machine. shelf[i] represents the ith position where position 0 (shelf[0]) is the item at the front and each subsequent position represents the item behind it. The shelf should be initialized to have 10 positions.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">public VendingMachine().</span> This is the single no-arg constructor for VendingMachines. You should initialize your fields and call restock() here so that your vending machine is ready to use as soon as someone initializes it• public void stock(VendingItem item). This method is used to stock your vending machine with a specific item.</p><p>You should also be careful about overflowing the vendingmachine while implementing this method, e.g. the capacity of your vending machine is 10. Let’s say the vendingmachine currently holds 10 items. If you proceed to add an item to the vending machine, this should return an error.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">public void stock(VendingItem[] item).</span> This method is used to stock your vending machine with multiple items at once.</p><p>You should also be careful about overflowing the vendingmachine while implementing this method, e.g. the capacity of your vending machine is 10 and the vendingmachine currently holds 8 items. If you proceed to add 4 items you can add only first 2 items, the next 2 items would be rejected.</p><p>• <span style="color: #ea9999;">public VendingItem vend(int code). </span>This method is used to dispense an item from the vending machine. It takes in a parameter code which represents the position of the selected item. You must dispense the item from the proper position and move the items behind it so that there is always (if possible) an item in the 0 position. This method should also take care of checking the code for validity before dispensing anything and should print an error statement and return null if something goes wrong. e.g. the vending machine can hold at most 10 items at a time, so if anyone passes 23 as a parameter, it should return null.</p><p>It should also print an error statement and return null if there is no item in the position that the user selected.</p><p>Finally, this method should update the totalSales field as needed. Be careful not to update totalSales if something</p><p>went wrong</p><p>•<span style="color: #ea9999;"> public void restock().</span> This method has been implemented for you.</p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">public void restock(){</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[0] = new VendingItem("Lays", "c", 1.50);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[1] = new VendingItem("Doritos", "c", 1.50);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[2] = new VendingItem("Coke", "d", 2.50);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[3] = new VendingItem("Rubiks Cube", "s", 30);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[4] = new VendingItem("Pie", "p", 3.14);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[5] = new VendingItem("Clicker", "s", 55.55);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[6] = new VendingItem("Cheetos", "c", 1.25);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[7] = new VendingItem("Cold Pizza", "p", 0.99);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[8] = new VendingItem("Graphing Calculator", "s", 120);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">shelf[9] = new VendingItem("Ramen", "n", 3.15);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">}</span></p><p>•<span style="color: #e06666;"> public static double getTotalSales().</span> This method is a getter for the totalSales field. It is static because totalSales is a static variable and keeps track of sales across all vending machines.</p><p>• <span style="color: #e06666;">public int getTotalItems(). </span>This method should return the total number of VendingItems in the vending machine.</p><p>•<span style="color: #e06666;"> public double getTotalValue(). </span>This method should return the combined total value of all the VendingItems in the vending machine.</p><p>NOTE: Although the method is named get...(), it is not a getter method and requires some logic.</p><p>• <span style="color: #e06666;">public String getItems(int val)</span>: This method returns the names of those items which have less price than parameter val.</p><p>•<span style="color: #e06666;"> public String getItems(String t):</span> This method returns the names of those items which are of type parameter t.</p><p>•<span style="color: #e06666;"> public VendingItem getCheapestItem(String t):</span> This method returns the cheapest item of type parameter t.</p><p>• <span style="color: #e06666;">public String toString().</span> This method returns the names of the items in the shelf separated by a comma.</p><p><span style="color: #e06666;">Running and Testing VendingWorld.java </span>has been provided for you. It creates several instances of VendingMachine, and allows the user to interact with them. You can run the main method to start a simulation, and test from there.</p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">public class VendingWorld {</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">public static void main(String[] args) {</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingMachine cseVendingMachine = new VendingMachine();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingMachine eeeVendingMachine = new VendingMachine();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem boughtItem = cseVendingMachine.vend(0);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">boughtItem = cseVendingMachine.vend(3);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">boughtItem = cseVendingMachine.vend(6);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//case for vend method when code position does not contain any item</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">boughtItem = cseVendingMachine.vend(9);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//case for vend method when code position is invalid &gt;=10</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">boughtItem = cseVendingMachine.vend(20);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if getTotalSales() works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">boughtItem = eeeVendingMachine.vend(0);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(boughtItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(eeeVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(eeeVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(eeeVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if Stock(VendingItem item) works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem item1 = new VendingItem("Pepsi", "d", 1.45);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">cseVendingMachine.stock(item1);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if Stock(VendingItem[] item) works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem item2 = new VendingItem("Fanta", "d", 1.15);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem item3 = new VendingItem("Cadbery", "p", 0.46);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem item4 = new VendingItem("Bournville", "p", 0.65);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem[] items = {item2, item3, item4}</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">cseVendingMachine.stock(items);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(VendingMachine.getTotalSales());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalItems());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cseVendingMachine.getTotalValue());</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if getItems(int val) works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">cseVendingMachine.getItems(1);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if getItems(String t) works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">cseVendingMachine.getItems(“d”);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println();</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">//check if getItems(String t) works correctly</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">VendingItem cheapestItem = cseVendingMachine.getCheapestItem(“d”);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">System.out.println(cheapestItem);</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">}</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;">}</span></p><p><span style="color: #2b00fe;"></span></p><p>Output of the tester</p><p>Lays, Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Pie, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Graphing Calculator, Ramen</p><p>0.0</p><p>10</p><p>219.58</p><p>Lays: 1.5</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Pie, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Graphing Calculator, Ramen</p><p>1.5</p><p>9</p><p>218.08</p><p>Pie: 3.14</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Graphing Calculator, Ramen</p><p>4.64</p><p>8</p><p>214.94</p><p>Graphing Calculator: 120.0</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Ramen</p><p>124.64</p><p>7</p><p>94.94</p><p>null</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Ramen</p><p>124.64</p><p>7</p><p>94.94</p><p>null</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Ramen</p><p>124.64</p><p>7</p><p>94.94</p><p>Lays: 1.5</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Pie, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Graphing Calculator, Ramen,</p><p>126.14</p><p>9</p><p>218.08</p><p>Items Added: Pepsi: 1.45</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Ramen, Pepsi</p><p>126.14</p><p>8</p><p>96.44</p><p>Items Added: Fanta: 1.15, Cadbery: 0.46</p><p>Doritos, Coke, Rubiks Cube, Clicker, Cheetos, Cold Pizza, Ramen, Pepsi, Fanta, Cadbery</p><p>126.14</p><p>10</p><p>98.05</p><p>Cold Pizza, CadberyCoke, Pepsi, Fanta</p><p>Fanta: 1.15</p>
